ENH improve ARFF parser using pandas (#21938)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.1.rst

  hole; when set to True, it returns the swiss-hole dataset. :pr:`21482` by
  :user:`Sebastian Pujalte <pujaltes>`.

- |Enhancement| Introduce the new parameter `parser="pandas"` in
  :func:`datasets.fetch_openml`. This parameter allows to use the very CPU
  and memory efficient `pandas.read_csv` parser to load dense ARFF

>   formatted dataset files. If is possible to pass `parser="liac-arff"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  formatted dataset files. It is possible to pass `parser="liac-arff"`
```

  hole; when set to True, it returns the swiss-hole dataset. :pr:`21482` by
  :user:`Sebastian Pujalte <pujaltes>`.

> - |Enhancement| Introduce a new parameter `parser` in
>   :func:`datasets.fetch_openml`. This parameter allows to use `pandas.read_csv`
>   and its C parser to read ARFF file that is more memory efficient and much
>   faster. It will be used by default if `pandas` is installed.
>   :pr:`21938` by :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

Reviewer 2: No, we do not do any magic that relies on whether pandas is installed or not. Since the 2 parsers are not 100% equivalent, this would cause silent bugs in user's call which is bad-bad-bad.

Import-magic is too dangerous and we already require pandas by default for `fetch_openml` because as `as_frame="auto"` is `True` for dense datasets in scikit-learn 1.0 (or even before).

```suggestion
- |Enhancement| Introduce the new parameter `parser="pandas"` in
  :func:`datasets.fetch_openml`. This parameter allows to use the very CPU
  and memory efficient `pandas.read_csv` parser to load dense ARFF
  formatted dataset files. If is possible to pass `parser="liac-arff"`
  to use the old LIAC parser.
  By default, dense datasets are loaded with "pandas" and sparse datasets
  are loaded with "liac-arff".
  :pr:`21938` by :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.
```

We should probably add a note at the top level of the changelog to warn about the change of default parser for `fetch_openml`.

  hole; when set to True, it returns the swiss-hole dataset. :pr:`21482` by
  :user:`Sebastian Pujalte <pujaltes>`.

- |Enhancement| Introduce the new parameter `parser` in
  :func:`datasets.fetch_openml`. `parser="pandas"` allows to use the very CPU
  and memory efficient `pandas.read_csv` parser to load dense ARFF
  formatted dataset files. It is possible to pass `parser="liac-arff"`
  to use the old LIAC parser.
  When `parser="auto"`, dense datasets are loaded with "pandas" and sparse
  datasets are loaded with "liac-arff".
  Currently, `parser="liac-arff"` by default and will change to `parser="auto"`
  in version 1.3
  :pr:`21938` by :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

> 

Reviewer 2: This needs to be moved to 1.2 and all future warning messages bumped by 0.1.
